29th Jan assignments
Q1 answer: Guido van Rossum
Q2 answer: Object orinted and structured programming
Q3 answer: Yes, python is case sensitive
Q4 answer: .py
Q5 answer: Python is both compiled as well as an interpreted language
Q6 answer: Module, Class definition, function body
Q7 answer: #
Q8 answer: sys.version
Q9 answer: lambda
Q10 answer: Preferred Installer Program
Q11 answer: commpile(),input(),abs(),dir(),help(),list()
Q12 answer: 79 characters
Q13 answer:
Presence of third-party modules.
Extensive support libraries(NumPy for numerical calculations, Pandas for data analytics, etc.)
Open source and large active community base.
Versatile, Easy to read, learn and write.
User-friendly data structures.
High-level language.
Q14 answer: The memory is managed by a private heap which contains the objects and data structures.
Q15 answer: 
First, we must find the directory where we installed Python. A typical installation would have the following path, C:\Users\MyUserName\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python310

Now, we will need to add this to the PATH variable, we right click on "This PC" and go to "Properties".

Then, we click on the "Advanced system settings" in the menu on the left.going

In the bottom right, we can see a button labeled "Environment Variables". We will click on it to open another window to edit these variables.

Now, we select the "Path variable" in the "System variables" section and click "Edit". The next screen will show all the directories currently part of the PATH variable.

Another window opens up where we can see all the paths for the currently configured system variables. To add a new path for our Python program, we will click on the "New" button on the right side and paste the path in Step 1

We have successfully added the path for our Python program to our system's environment variables. The best practice is to restart the system afterward for the change to occur.

Now, we can verify if the PATH variable was configured correctly by opening up the terminal and entering the command python --version.
Q16 answer: Indentation is mandatory in python.
